fix: respect command ignores HTTP_PROXY (#2805)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/upset-chairs-feel.md

---
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Fixed issue wherein `redocly respect` did not honor `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, and `NO_PROXY` environment variables when loading remote source descriptions or external `$ref`s. This extends the same behavior to ref resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the Respect command did not honor the `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, and `NO_PROXY` environment variables when loading remote source descriptions or resolving external `$ref`s. Proxy settings are now consistently applied during reference resolution as well.
```

> Fixed an issue where the Respect command did not honor the `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, and `NO_PROXY` environment variables when loading remote source descriptions or resolving external `$ref`s. Proxy settings are now consistently applied during reference resolution as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the Respect command did not honor the `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, and `NO_PROXY` environment variables when loading remote source descriptions or resolving external `$ref`s.
Proxy settings are consistently applied during reference resolution as well.
```
